update: Update Mobile Brave Browser Settings (#3228)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/mobile-browsers.md

=== "Android"

>     These options can be found in :fontawesome-solid-ellipsis-v: → **Settings** → **Brave Shields & privacy**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These options can be found in :material-dots-vertical: → **Settings** → **Brave Shields & privacy**.
```

Author: I use the font awesome ones to be in line with the iOS menu, we should change both to the material dots ones to be consistent.

    1. This option disables JavaScript, which will break a lot of sites. To unbreak them, you can set exceptions on a per-site basis by tapping on the Shield icon in the address bar and unchecking this setting under *Advanced controls*.

##### Clear browsing data (Android only)

> - [x] Select **Clear data on exit**

Reviewer: Isn't auto shred a per-site setting instead of this whole-app setting though?

Author: This setting is the global default for Brave Shields and then you can override it for individual sites if you want to. It's the same on iOS.

Reviewer 2: You are kinda both right. It is a setting per site. But we should like @friadev suggested recommend to change the default. It essentially then possible to whitelist websites you want to remind you (perhaps that requires some additional guidance). Setting a default to forget me/shred is a good idea.

##### Social Media Blocking (Android only)

- [ ] Uncheck all social media components

> 

Reviewer: Should we note limitations instead of removing this setting?

Author: It kinda looks bad to have this one setting that doesn't change with the tabs and all it's going to do is break websites. For example I embed tweets all the time in my articles. I don't really think it provides any real privacy benefit.

If someone really wants to block twitter they should enable the block social media setting in shields.

Reviewer 2: I mean i guess it could limit twitter from seeing what websites you visit. Those embeds are tracking pixels in the end.

Author: I’m just saying I think a proper method would be blocking social media in shields and not just specifically embeds of like two websites for some reason.

    - [ ] Uncheck **Allow Privacy-Preserving Product Analytics (P3A)**
    - [ ] Uncheck **Automatically send daily usage ping to Brave**

#### Leo AI

=== "Android"

    These options can be found in :fontawesome-solid-ellipsis-v: → **Settings** → **Leo AI**.

    - [ ] Uncheck **Show autocomplete suggestions in address bar**

=== "iOS"

    These options can be found in :fontawesome-solid-ellipsis-v: → **All Settings** → **Leo AI**.

    - [ ] Uncheck **Show In Quick Search Engine Bar**

#### Search engines

=== "Android"

>     These options can be found in :fontawesome-solid-ellipsis-v: → **Settings** → **Search engines**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These options can be found in :material-dots-vertical: → **Settings** → **Search engines**.
```

    - [ ] Uncheck **Show search suggestions**

=== "iOS"

>     These options can be found in :fontawesome-solid-ellipsis: → **All Settings** → **Search engines**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These options can be found in :material-dots-vertical: → **All Settings** → **Search engines**.
```
